docs: add config env var info (#7180)
vitejs/vite: docs/config/index.md

})
```

### Environment Variables

> Vite doesn't load `.env` files by default. However, you can use the exported `loadEnv` helper to load the specific `.env` file needed.

Reviewer: Maybe we could give more context?
```suggestion
Vite load `.env` files after evaluating the vite config file because the project root could be changed. However, you can use the exported `loadEnv` helper to load the specific `.env` file if needed.
```

Author: ```suggestion
Vite doesn't load `.env` files by default as the files to load can only be determined after evaluating the Vite config, for example, the `root` and `envDir` options affects the loading behaviour. However, you can use the exported `loadEnv` helper to load the specific `.env` file if needed.
```

Maybe something like this 🤔

Reviewer: Sounds good 👍
